GOV add a documentation team (#26714)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/about.rst

   :ref:`How you can contribute to the project <contributing>`

Documentation Team
------------------

> The following people help with documentation aspects of the project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following people help with documenting the project:
```
